Hello and welcome to one
new assembled video
the louvre in the heart of paris was once
french royal palace and is
nowadays thanks to his museum
world famous in place
for the first time in the twelfth century
building in the following
was always in flux for centuries
The latest addition is the glass pyramid
in the courtyard of the louvre since 1989
Here is the main entrance of the
museums
So now has lego the louvre a
architecture set donated can be seen
Part of the building is the main entrance
and another little pyramid and
also the water surfaces around the
Pyramid are arranged in the set
reflected
and here we see the beautiful
transparent briggs for use
come and there is this wonderful
glass pyramid behind it the second one
small pyramid and the water surfaces
and here you walk in, that's the one
main entrance of the louvre
a flight over this new lego set
and a close-up of the little one
pyramid
small but nice
the fas
is very consistent the bows will be fine
reproduced and also the colors
I really like it
and another look at the facade
in all its glory
and then we look up the roof
put the crown on the whole
reflected in the sunlight
Everything is very nice and it becomes clear
that the pyramid and the building as
to harmonize this very well
the construction of the louvre in the lego form
is very diverse
There are many different parts
for use
the pyramid stands out with his
transparent elements
but also the facade of the louvre needs
whether the chic color design and
not to hide many details
the lego architecture louvre a true
gesamtkunstwerk
so was the presentation of the sets lego
architecture louvre
until the next time france build and
bye